Mumbai - The Heart of India.
This heart of India has faced many attacks.
The first attack - 1993 serial blasts.
Followed by - 2002 bus blast.
2006 train blast.
And 2008 Taj 26/11.
But the biggest attack on Mumbai was yet to happen.
The responsibility to stop this attack was on the shoulders of ...
... Mumbai's Anti-Terrorism Squad warrior:
"Sooryavanshi."
Mumbai Police doesn't check your Religion on your passport before shooting
... but looks at criminal records before gunning you down
I've been shot.
"Sooryavanshi."
According to our intelligence, there are 40 more like you ...
... who have been living in India for the last few years as Lashkar's sleeper cell.
Their time has come yet.
But when it does, you won't have to go looking for them.
We've found you.
We'll find your comrades as well.
In '93, one tonne of RDX was brought into India.
Out of which only 400 kilos were used. And it brought Mumbai to its knees.
600 kilos is still buried somewhere in the country.
India changed my fate.
And now I will change India's fate.
My kids, my wife, my father they were all burnt alive.
I agree, that whatever happened to you was wrong.
But what about the thousands of innocent lives you took?
Stay back!
Other police officers in the city are also doing their duty.
But no one would risk his own child to do their duty.
I think the Intelligence Bureau's theory is correct.
Lashkar's next target will be Mumbai.
Soorya, I don't know when they will come, but I'm sure that they will
Let them come ...
... this time we'll be ready.
What do we do, sir? Leave for Shivgadh?
Only one scoundrel can do this job.
There is some high level plotting happening here, sir.
They have planted bombs in seven cars.
"Sooryavanshi."
The bullet that kills you, will read in bold 'Made In India'
Everyone in the audience knows who is about to make an entrance ...
And you don't?
"The heart races." "The body trembles."
"When you know he's coming." "Singham."
Why do you always have to do stunts with your cars?
Why do you always hang off a helicopter?
Right.
So who's got a bigger ... Entry.
It doesn't matter. Let's go.
"Sooryavanshi."
Do you know who this is? Naem Khan.
He has been an honest police officer for 30 years.
And now, his son Abbas is a capable officer of our Anti Terrorist Squad.
These are the Muslims of India.
"Police is here."